Peter regios race move into both of his
name okay two bucks to buy lights to the
ley-line keep listing in here
that's why I'm vela safety New Zealand
ah la line already so they can attack
towards them now TVC limit just about
attacked Winky dead ago that's the way
would work with but one look at timmys
interfering awake the moment of truth
they're going to try and duck I'm
leaving there's a little bow down as
well it's a dial down the Kiwis have got
to avoid screaming and yelling a huge
play on the Play me change as a lady
takes control of the race but New
Zealand takes the right hand side as
they head into the women markets still
bound about but a lineage change the
game around the next question is was
there lively yellow flag the first
penalty in America's Cup history and it
goes to Teague Zealand just what they
didn't need that was a foul they tried
to get across the bow of a lady but egg
fair did a masterful job and the
America's Cup is in the way waiting in
the wings right now
he has not only taken the lead but
they've taken a penalty to t New Zealand
ah the first-ever penalty in America's
Cup racing we've seen on the water and
it goes against Team New Zealand I think
he dialed him down as inky we're on
starboard and the umpires decided we're
going to we've got it we've got the
umpire radio right here as soon as we
get the umpire info will bring it
directly to you here's the hoist aunty
newzealand trying as hard as they can
but the momentum